so the government shutdown is now 19
days old 90 days nearly 800,000 federal
employees are not getting paid so we're
doing our small part to help every night
we've been giving a government worker a
job here on the show Monday we hired a
prison guard to play Tambourine in the
band last night we had a firefighter
assist Guillermo with security and
tonight we are joined by come on out
here this is patina
[Music]
here you are TSA agent correct yes so
you do the frisking and all that stuff
unfortunately you are you people take
off their shoes in front of you
literally a hundred and fifty maybe 200
times a day yes yes yes and what are the
some of the challenges with being a TSA
officer well I work at the International
Terminal where there is a big language
barrier between me and the passengers so
sometimes when you start patting people
down they get undressed
right there yeah and see I feel like if
Donald Trump knew that foreigners were
coming and getting naked he'd be okay
with them coming in so how long have you
been working without getting paid it is
going on two and a half and you're
required to work you have to go to work
I'm going to work after this yes oh you
are you going to work after this all
right so anyway we're gonna give you a
job here tonight and tonight I want you
help you some because it's a one-year
anniversary of marijuana being legal
here in California play a game called
who's hi okay so
[Applause]
how are you good how you doing good
how's it going out there
it's alright it's alright yeah the way
this works for Tina is we it's Al's
Corral three pedestrians three
pedestrians we're gonna guess one of
them is hi okay - or not one is okay do
you ever run into people who have
marijuana on them at the airport all the
time and what is the policy as far as
that goes oh I call the bigger guys the
police they handle it the police handle
it even though it's legal yeah yeah okay
and what do the police do oh that I
don't know maybe they smell it and let
it go no yeah all right so all right
here we go help me with this we're gonna
guess Sal bring in the first group oh
there we have it
all right so ask any questions you might
want to ask patina and we'll well let's
start with the gentleman on the left
there and what is your name Andrew I see
yes Andrew where are you from Marilyn
Ocean City Maryland Ocean City Maryland
here on vacation yes I am okay now I
know the staff tries to trick us that's
part of the thing so they'll pick a guy
who's got long hair and then maybe I'll
jump to the conclusion that he's hi
Andrew
have you ever smoked marijuana I have
before you have before okay so now let's
see we can almost immediately tell he's
not the guy all right let's meet the
next person the next person is what is
your name Germany Germany is your name
what's wrong with that
Wow
I can lead you into the studio alright
Dermot Jeremy how do you spell that I
can't see your name tag it's too far
away yes
Germany spelled it wrong all right and
finally we have who there let's see
Louie Louie where are you from I'm from
London but I'm Australian you're from
London your Australian Germany where are
you from Colorado Colorado where it is
also legal okay so let's get a close-up
look at everybody's eyes any questions
you want to ask what did they have for
lunch oh okay good question let's go
through the why Andrew what did you have
for lunch pizza pizza Germany you I had
air I had in and out burger
what are the signs with you would you
want to look at their eyes should we
take a close-up look and see what is
going on oh wise let's see all right all
right that's Andrew pretty clear
let's look deep into Germany's eyes
Germany Simona a lot of fun wasn't this
serious in the Green Mile and Louie
Louie oh you know what are you thinking
here what do you think well it's not the
guy who had air for lunch
it's not the guy on how much okay I
don't think it's Andrew either
I think it's Louie you do all right
we're gonna say Louie you are Louie are
you hi do I have to answer that question
yes you're not I
Oh Louise parents were high when they
named her Germany what are you laughing
at
[Applause]
because I couldn't spell my name right
all right okay well let's see Wow what
do you think now you think and you think
it's Andrew all right Fatima says it's
Andrew Andrew are you I yes yeah all
right what do we have for our guests so
whipped cream they look famished here Oh
whipped cream yes enjoy yeah there you
go
thank you for Tina thank you for and
thanks to all of you for playing whose
high hope you get back to work very soon
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings